---
title: Welcome to the Blog
date: 2024-09-16 04:30:00 -0700
categories: [Technical, ]
tags: [post]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
description: Just an test to check if everything is working and to introduce myself!
---

> Please note, I used the Chirpy theme for Jekyll for this site, I know html but not for github pages, please support the creator [here](https://github.com/cotes2020/).
{: .prompt-warning }

Hello There! Im Citrus
=====================

Who am I?
---------
## Introduction
Hello, Im CitrusIntellect. You can call me Citrus though. I am someone who works on 3D Printing, (Some) Coding, and (Very Rarely) Gardening, and some other stuff. All of that will be documented here. I belive in the open source community where everything is publically assessable. I use Arch Linux + KDE (Currently), I plan to switch to Arch Linux + hyprland in about a month or so, I will update it here when I do.

### Why Arch?
Arch Linux is seen as the distro for hard core linux users, not being very beginner friendly. But once its installed I say its much easier to use that Debian, Ubuntu, or Windows.
I say this because:
1. There is no .exe files to track down, its just pacman and the aur
2. The AUR. The aur allows (Arch) users to add any program to it, including apps that are not natively supported on Arch. If you need a program, AUR. Simple, Done
3. Debian based distro have mirrors. On Debian based distros, if it is not in the official repository, you either have to add a repository (which is very hard in some cases), or compile it yourself.
4. Privacy. Now I dont care that much about online privacy but when Microsoft is blatantly selling my distro for using my computer I PAID FOR, it just anoys me.
5. Development is easier. On Windows you have to compile everything and go through installation of everything. Lets take GTK as an example, on windows you have to do alot of steps which you can see [here](https://www.gtk.org/docs/installations/windows/), Arch linux: sudo pacman -Syu gtk4, done its installed.

> Arch Linux is a "Do it yourself" OS or DIY OS, meaning you should have an in-depth understanding of Linux and how to solve problems by yourself before attempting to install Arch Linux as the [installation guide](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Installation_guide) is very in-depth to your machine.
{: .prompt-info }

### 3D Printing
I love 3D printing. The concept of being able to create anything out of Fillament that is unique to your senerio, its very helpful. I own the Creality K1C (Which is rooted) and the CitrusM5 (Upgraded Ender 3 v2)

> If you even consider rooting your Creality K1C from this article, you have been warned, rooting your printer can VOID warranty and could break your printer. Please read the terms of rooting BEFORE attepting or even considering to root your printer.
{: .prompt-danger }

Q: Will you post build files for the CitrusM5?
A: Probally not, I am planning the CitrusM6 and will 100% upload the build files there.


Background
----------
## How did I get into Coding?
I started coding when I was very young (around 12), so a long time ago. I started with HTML + CSS to learn how to make websites from a coding camp as I can renember. I am able to figure out principles of coding languages like Python or C.

## What languages are you good at?
None. I am mid tier proficient in HTML and CSS (Which I hate) and an early beginner at Python, C, and some other languages.

## Will you upload stuff you code?
Yes, 100%. Even if I code it with AI (Yes I am a script kidde by definition to my [Github](https://citrusintellect.github.io)

## Why did you make a website?
Well I wanted to share my processes of the stuff I do with the community. Which I have to thank right now or I wouldn't be where I am at. Everything I do will be 100% open source (exept stuff I cant post like assignments)

Education
---------
I Love math and Computer Science. I dont know how many times I have been called an AI (Artifical Intellegence). Im not an AI and I would not be even able to be an AI. Its complicated. We are at Machine Learning levels, no where near AI levels. If your wondering [This Linus Tech Tips video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGIpdiQrFDU) explains this very well, Machine Learning is a subsection of AI.

Quick Q&A
---------
Q: Why does it take you so long to post?

  A: School mostly, also that It takes a bit to write one of these.

Q: How can I get in contact with you?

  A: Discord (citrusintellect) or by [Email](mailto:citrusintellect.protonmail.com)

Q: Do you plan to start a YT or Twitter (X)?

  A: I have considered a YT, not Twitter (X) and I will most likely start a YT (Update will be posted if I do)

Q: Are you willing to make a Discord Server.

  A: Yes and I have before. I will make a discord server when I have the time.

Q: You just said you had one before, what happened?

  A: Emotional Stress, I had a friend Manipulate me into giving info about another friend and that friend left me and I was going insane, and school ofc.




# Hope to see you around!
Have a good day/night
-Citrus
